Docker Courses
1. Docker Deep Dive   - IN Progress
2. Docker Certified Associate Prep Course 
3.Docker Certified Associate
3.a. DCA practice exam
4. LXC/LXD Deep dive
5. RHCE in container application
6. Deploying Services on a overlay network
7.Using Docker Bridge network
8. Using Volumes in docker container
9. Building a private docker registry
10. Tagging and Pushing images to the dockerhub
11. Docker Networking
12. Docker volumes
13. Monitoring Containers with Prometheus
14. Load balancing containers
15. Container Logging
16. Dockerizing an app
17. Deploying docker containers with jenkins pipeline
18. Using Grafna with Prometheus for alerting and monitoring

Ansible
Redhat Certified Specialist in Ansible Automation Preparation Course
Ansible Playbooks Deepdive
Ansible Setup,Configure and adhoc commands deep-dive
Advanced Features in asnibleAd-hoc ansible commands
Ansible Playbooks - Error Handling
Working with Ansible roles
Quiz - Ansible roles, Ansible Tower, Ansible Help and Documentation, Managing Parallelism in ansible,
Ansible galaxy, ansible vault, Configuration management,ansible variables and facts,templates, plays and 
playbooks, inventory management, add-hoc commands, core components of ansible
Redhat Certified Specialist in Ansible Exam

AWS With Ansible
Managing AWS with Ansible
Deploying Services using Ansible
Ansible Facts in AWS
Working with AMI's using ansible
Deploying AWS with Ansible
Manipulating Ec2 instances with Ansible

Openshift
RHCE in openshift administration
Launch your first openshift operator
Managing User, Projects and roles
Managing Persistent Volumes

Jenkins
Certified Jenkins Engineer
Security in Jenkins
Building Jenkins Pipeline
Implement automated deployment through jenkins pipeline
Building Docker Images using Jenkins
Deploying docker containers with Jenkins Pipeline
Jenkins Engineer

Grafana
Devops deepdive monitoring
Using Grafana to Visualize Prometheus Data
Using Grafana with Prometheus for Alerting and Monitoring

Amazon Web Services


https://github.com/linuxacademy   linuxacademy projects
https://www.youtube.com/user/pavanoltraining/videos devops